Why should I tell you?
Since you like that little cabbage heart so much
Then I'll let you lose it with your own hands.
Make you blame yourself
Make you feel guilty
Make you suffer for a lifetime
Stop it, I'll fight you
Lived so long
I want to live with you
Ah, but he was lucky.
He didn't die
You and Xiaohui are ugly women with no eyes
You wouldn't recognize him in front of you.
And bullied him again and again
Humiliate him, okay?
I will fulfill you
Let you drive him to a dead end
Watch him die
He's got no kidneys.
Only three days at most
Are you satisfied?
I cut it for you.
To tell you the truth
I've been wanting to divorce you crazy woman for a long time
I have also done a good job in the company's equity changes
You haven't seen a penny